Discount Management edits (#1437)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/discount-management/manage-via-glue-api/manage-discounts-via-glue-api.md

    link: docs/scos/user/features/page.version/promotions-discounts-feature-overview.html
---

> The [Promotions](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/discount-management.html) functionality enables sellers to provide a promotional item that the customers can add to their carts at a discounted price, or even for free. To be eligible for promotions, the purchase needs to fulfill certain discount conditions, for example the purchase amount exceeding a certain threshold.

Reviewer: enable => let - see https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#enable
```suggestion
The [Promotions](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/discount-management.html) functionality lets sellers provide a promotional item that the customers can add to their carts at a discounted price or even for free. To be eligible for promotions, the purchase must fulfill certain discount conditions—for example, the purchase amount exceeding a certain threshold.
```

{% info_block infoBox "Info" %}

For more details about how to create the discount conditions, see [Create discounts](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/manage-in-the-back-office/create-discounts.html).

{% endinfo_block %}

> In your development, the Promotions API helps you enable customers to redeem the benefits provided by promotions and check the correct order amount with the discount included.

Author: ```suggestion
In your development, the Promotions API helps you to allow customers to redeem the benefits provided by promotions and check the correct order amount with the discount included.
```
